let's Write a program to take two numbers for dividing them and before division let us check whether their
denominator is zero.
So integer A B and C i will take three variables then out enter two numbers then cin i will read A and B
and I want to divide A and B and store the result in C.
But before dividing I want to know whether B is valid denominator or not meant if B is zero then division
cannot be done.
So if  B is equal to zero, I will give a message that cout
division by zero means if I continue further the value will be get divided by 0.
So I will not divide the number else if it is a valid denominator.
So it is not a zero.
Then we will divide and display the result that is cout c and endl
is a type of validation again before dividing two numbers.
We are verifying that the denominator is non-zero.
If it is 0 we will say division by zero.
Let us run and see
enter two numbers.
I have entered so the first number
I will enter 10 and the second number is zero.
See the error message that I got is division by zero.
This is a division by zero.
I run once again
enter the two numbers, so I will give the first number as a 10 and the second number as two.
So I got the answer that is 5.
This is 5, so you can try this program by yourself.